feat: add support for yaml data files (#1059)
copier-org/copier: docs/configuring.md

    copier -fd 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' copy template destination
    ```

> As alternative you can also pass the path to yaml file that contains your data. This
> cannot be used in the API.

Reviewer: A few minor linguistic corrections.

And how about a little rewording in the second sentence?

```suggestion
As an alternative you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.
Passing a data file is only supported through the CLI.
```

!!! example

>     Example CLI usage to take a yaml file as data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example CLI usage with a YAML file containing data:
```

>     ```yml

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the docs.

```suggestion
    ```yaml
```

>     user_name: Alice Bob

Reviewer: For consistency with the key-value pair example above:

```suggestion
    user_name: Manuel Calavera
```

    age: 7
    height: 1.83
    ```

>     Calling this:

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more explicit:

```suggestion
    Passing a data file

```

Also note the empty line. Prettier doesn't format Markdown markup within the admonition block because it's non-standard syntax and Prettier interprets it as an indented code block.

    ```sh
    copier -d input.yml copy template destination
    ```

    does the same thing as:

>     ```sh

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the docs.

```suggestion
    ```shell
```

>     copier -d "user_name=Alice Bob" -d "age=7" -d "height=1.83" copy template destination

Reviewer: Same as above:

```suggestion
    copier -d 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' -d 'age=7' -d 'height=1.83' copy template destination
```

    copier -fd 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' copy template destination
    ```

### `data_file`

-   Format: `str`
-   CLI flags: `--data-file`
-   Default value: N/A

As an alternative you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.
Passing a data file is only supported through the CLI.

This cannot be defined in `copier.yml`, where its equivalent would be just normal
questions with default answers.

!!! example

    Example CLI usage with a YAML file containing data:

>     ```yaml

Reviewer: How about adding the file name `input.yml` as the title, so there is a better connect with the CLI call below?

```suggestion
    ```yaml
```

Author: Addressed

    user_name: Manuel Calavera
    age: 7
    height: 1.83
    ```

    Passing a data file

    ```shell

>     copier -d input.yml copy template destination

Reviewer: The flag needs to be updated:

```suggestion
    copier --data-file input.yml copy template destination
```

Author: Addressed

    copier -fd 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' copy template destination
    ```

!!! info

    The `-d, --data` flags are mutually exclusive with the [`--data-file`](#data_file) flag.

### `data_file`

-   Format: `str`
-   CLI flags: `--data-file`
-   Default value: N/A

> As an alternative to [`--data`][data] you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.

Reviewer: A newline is missing. Also, how a out adding the short flag here as well? And shouldn't the link be an anchor link?

```suggestion
As an alternative to [`-d, --data`](#data) you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.

```

> !!! info

Reviewer: A newline is missing:

```suggestion
!!! info

```

    copier -fd 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' copy template destination
    ```

!!! info

>     The `--data` option is mutually exclusive with [`--data-file`](#data_file) option.

Reviewer: Juat a minor suggestion to retain the wording of the docs:

```suggestion
    The `-d, --data` flags are mutually exclusive with the [`--data-file`](#data_file) flag.
```

WDYT, @Ian2012?

### `data_file`

-   Format: `str`
-   CLI flags: `--data-file`
-   Default value: N/A

> As an alternative you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.

Reviewer 2: Just in case some reader lands here directly without reading the previous chapter before:

```suggestion
As an alternative to [`--data`][data] you can also pass the path to a YAML file that contains your data.
```

> Passing a data file is only supported through the CLI.
> 
> This cannot be defined in `copier.yml`, where its equivalent would be just normal
> questions with default answers.

Reviewer 2: Just following the standard from other similar options:

```suggestion
!!! info
    Not supported in `copier.yml` or API calls. Only supported through the CLI.
```

!!! example

    Example CLI usage with a YAML file containing data:

    ```yaml title="input.yml"
    user_name: Manuel Calavera
    age: 7
    height: 1.83
    ```

    Passing a data file

    ```shell
    copier --data-file input.yml copy template destination
    ```

    is equivalent to passing its content as key-value pairs:

    ```shell
    copier -d 'user_name=Manuel Calavera' -d 'age=7' -d 'height=1.83' copy template destination

!!! info

>     The `--data-file` option is mutually exclusive with [`--data`](#data) option.

Reviewer: Juat a minor suggestion to retain the wording of the docs:

```suggestion
    The `--data-file` flag is mutually exclusive with the [`-d, --data`](#data) flags.
```

WDYT, @Ian2012?
